# TeslaCam Video Creator

This program is used to create videos from dashcam footage recorded by TeslaCam. The program searches for saved clips in the TeslaCam USB stick, combines them into a single video, and adds a timestamp and number plate information. The resulting video is saved in the same folder as the program.

## Usage

The program can be run by double-clicking on the exe file that was generated by PyInstaller. By default, the program will search for the TeslaCam USB stick in the system and create a video for all the saved clips. The resulting video will be saved in the same folder as the program.

The program can also be customized by including the number plate and quality setting in the exe file name. For example, if the exe file is named `TeslaCamVideoCreator-ABC123-high.exe`, then the program will only create a video for clips that contain the number plate `ABC123` and use the `high` quality setting. The available quality settings are `low`, `medium`, and `high`.

Note that higher quality settings will result in longer processing times.

## Output

The program will save the combined video in the same folder as the program with the following format:
``` YYYY-MM-DD_HH-MM-SS-<number_plate>.mp4 ```
All the TeslaCam views (front, back, left repeater,and right repeater) arecombined into a single video. The video includes a timestamp and the number plate information for each clip.

Note that the `number_plate` value will be automatically extracted from the exe file name or can be set to an empty string if not specified. If no clips are found for the specified `number_plate`, the program will not create a video.

## Credits

This program was created by Alex Smart and is licensed under the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).